[Applause]
[Music]
all right what's going on guys miles
here PPC Mastery and welcome back to the
PPC Mastery podcast today is going to be
a solo episode with me and I'm going to
be answering a question that I got from
Baron's Merlin but before I do that in
the upcoming solo episodes of mine I'm
going to be doing one solo episode per
week and also one together with Bob and
Bob's gonna do another solo Episode by
himself as well in my solo episodes I
want to take the time to answer some of
your questions so if you have a question
for me then you can submit it at go to
ppcmastery.com podcast and this is where
you can answer or ask your question
which I will try to answer during one of
the upcoming podcast episodes so
ppcmastery.com podcast and without
further Ado the question for today is
from Barrett Merling in our Discord
community and some of you might know him
from LinkedIn he asked what do you want
to achieve what goals are you working
towards and asking a little bit of
context for this question and he said
I'm curious what your goal is and what
you're working towards what motivates
you and what is currently the goal
you're trying to achieve both in life
and in business for myself it's pretty
clear but I'm curious what your goals
and steps are to get there and what you
eventually want to achieve so thanks for
this great question and I love talking
about these things so without further
Ado let me just talk about my goals
so the ultimate goal that I have in my
life and in business is just freedom but
freedom is a bit of a vague word so let
me just go and Define what it means to
be free for me I want to have Financial
Freedom I want to have time freedom and
I want to have travel Freedom so
Financial Freedom means that doesn't
mean that I need to have like a really
high amount of money like 10 million
some people go ahead and say okay if I
have 10 million that I'm free that's not
the case for me I just want to be able
to provide for myself have a living for
myself and my family and and and I want
that to grow in the upcoming years as
well of course
then there's time freedom and with time
freedom I basically mean to have an
empty calendar or as empty as possible
and I just want to be able to do
whatever I want whenever I want with
whomever I want without any obligations
to anyone whatsoever that's sort of the
end goal now I know that I do have
obligations I have obligations to my
clients I have obligations to Bob when
I'm just talking about business because
in my personal life I have obligations
as well but and of course like those
those things are fine I'm planning in
meetings and everything that I need to
achieve the goals that we set on a
business level with both my clients and
with PPC Mastery but apart from that I
want to have an as empty calendar as
possible and that because that gives me
freedom to determine how I spend my day
so if I have an off day then I might
just take day off and play some FIFA or
go outside or whatever it is and
if I'm having a great day I might as
well just go in and work 10 12 hours it
really depends but the the key word here
is freedom because I can decide for
myself what I want to do and that's why
I also I there's not necessarily want to
grow a super big business in terms of
people we don't have any staff right now
it's just bobbing myself and I love it
that way because it gives us the
ultimate freedom in our in our personal
lives and then the last one is so I have
Financial Freedom time freedom and
travel freedom and with travel freedom I
mean that I want to be able to work
abroad whenever I can so I worked at an
agency for two and a half years so let
me just take a step back of how this all
came about actually I'm going to take it
one step further back
when I was younger when I was young in
my childhood I didn't know what I wanted
to become when I grew up I definitely
knew or definitely didn't think that I
would be doing what I'm doing right now
with PPC Mastery working in Google ads
online marketing Etc that was never a
path that I thought was even possible
but the only thing that I knew is that I
wasn't a fit for regular full-time jobs
and I'm not trying to bash anyone that's
working on a job all the power to you I
just know that it's not something for me
however I didn't know what I what the
alternative was going to be for me so I
went to through college
and throughout this period I always knew
that I want to be free I want to do
whatever I can whatever I want with
whomever I want blah blah
and then I graduated from college where
I met my my girlfriend as well and when
we graduated my parents in law my in-law
my in-laws so my girlfriend's parents
they gave me a gift card for a bookstore
so I wasn't a big reader back then but I
I was just getting into personal
development and all those things
and that's when I used that gift card I
think was like 20 25 Euros to pick up
the four hour work week by Tim Ferriss
and that book was a complete eye-opener
to me because not necessarily like the
idea of working four hours and working
on the beach because that's definitely
not what he is claiming with his book
like the title is really fancy like four
hour work week that's a big a little bit
controversial and it's a powerful
statement to at least get your attention
but the four hour work week is basically
a life built
by Design
and that idea like really stuck with me
and and that you can actually take
initiative to build the life that you
want and we went abroad my girlfriend
and I we went to Southeast Asia after we
graduated just to travel a bit see the
world and my father he gave me a a gift
and it was the book designing your life
so my dad is actually also pretty big
into building himself up constantly
learning and I definitely have some
character traits from him in that regard
and he gave me this book called
designing your life and I went through
that book through that book I did all
the exercises in the book and that book
really helped me to think about what do
I actually want now even back then I
didn't know exactly that I was going to
end up where I am right now but I did
know that okay I want to be intentional
about how I built my life so my
girlfriend has actually completely the
same in that in that regard so we were
also always talking about these things
like how do we want to live life and
what kind of Lifestyle well do we want
to live and what's important to us all
those things and then when we came back
I moved to Amsterdam I didn't live
together with my girlfriend back then
now we do so I moved to Amsterdam my
girlfriend came to Amsterdam a couple
months later and I still didn't know
what I was going to do with my life so I
was graduated I was broke and I was
working part-time somewhere but yeah it
was just to to pass the time and make
some money
and then my girlfriend she actually
referred me to an agency in Amsterdam
and I worked there I applied there I
started to work there for two and a half
years and actually
when I worked there before that I was
thinking about starting maybe like a
Drop Shipping Store or Ecom or something
like that and so I when I was at that
agency I always had in the back of my
mind like okay I wanna
learn as much as I can in a short in a
short time frame as possible so that I
can then quit and apply everything that
I've learned to my own Ecom store now I
didn't actually have to this is a story
for another podcast but I didn't want to
after a while didn't want to run my own
Ecom store anymore but I did build up
the skills to go and freelance so two
and a half years later I I quit and then
I yeah I I started the freelance and
then I did that for about two years two
plus years before I started PPC Mastery
so as you can see this whole process was
it was all designed by intention because
when I started my freelance business
that's when I felt like really free and
I can finally do what I want my my
income went up like four or five x
I could choose my own clients I can
design my own day in the beginning I was
working 60 hours per per week definitely
not saying that that's that's cool or or
anything but it was just what I wanted
to do at that time and now a couple
years later I'm much more relaxed in my
work week and I have more focus and all
those things but that really helped me
reach the sort of Financial Freedom
phase I'm not saying that I'm rich
beyond means or or that I'm what's it
called fire financial in financially
independent retire early that's not what
I'm saying at all but I do have enough
to sustain myself right now and just
make decisions not necessarily only
based on based on money so now I have
the the freedom to have an empty
calendar I have the freedom to work
abroad I I've worked in Dubai for for a
bit in Miami I went to Spain with my
girlfriend for a couple months South
Africa so yeah everything is is really
coming together and I have to be really
grateful for the lifestyle that we can
live right now we're in the Netherlands
looking for looking to buy a house so
that's one of our short-term goals but I
definitely always want to continue to
keep traveling and and building that
lifestyle of just doing whatever we want
to so to take it back to your question
parent of what I want to achieve and
what are the goals that I'm working
towards like of course we have goals
with PPC Mastery and I can talk about
that for a sec but
I have sometimes I have to stop myself
and think like okay I'm actually where I
want to be right now so every other goal
that I set is just bonus because I I
always I also have to yeah
push the brake sometimes a bit in terms
of what what I'm doing and what we can
do because the ultimate goal is just to
have an empty calendar because from an
empty calendar I can do my best work I I
can decide how my day is going to look
like I can decide I have the best Focus
to create really good content to create
newsletters
etc etc etc so the the biggest goal is
already achieved like I know that if I
continue to do this for the upcoming
years then everything is going to be
sorted financialism I'm gonna be gonna
be gonna be good time and travel freedom
is already good so I'm really happy
where I am right now but if I have to
put yeah put some goals on paper right
now for PPC Mastery that I can talk
about that is just on one hand I have
goals with my personal clients that I'm
working with so that's a handful of
clients econ clients to build up case
studies and learnings that I can then
share with you guys through PPC Mastery
and then in PPC Mastery I am working on
building something that's bigger than
myself doing the things I love doing
most which is mostly the marketing side
so content website email Etc all those
things and apart from that I just want
to live a nice life with nice people and
workouts eat healthy make some money you
know all these things and as a as a
natural effect of just focusing on doing
the tasks that I'm supposed to be doing
then the results are are going to come
so when I was younger
I would set like really outrageous goals
like okay in two years I want to make
one million Euros or or whatever it was
but those goals were always really
random because I didn't backtrack them
in terms of okay if I want that then
what do I actually have to do to achieve
them and yeah and so now when I set my
goals I'm much more realistic I don't
set monetary goals I don't set any
basically output based goals but I set
input based goals and this is something
that I think I learned from Dicky Bush
that he primed me on with with some
pieces of his content like if you do the
things that you need to be doing then
the results are going to come inevitably
if you go to the gym every day are you
gonna lose weight or are you gonna get
in shape yes or no mostly most likely
yes especially if you combine that with
eating healthy then the results are
going to come you just have to keep
continue to do it over a long enough
time frame for the results to show but
the problem is most people quit before
they can actually see the results
so for me I know that if I just continue
to create high value content if we
continue to create courses with PVC
Mastery if I continue to go to the gym
if I continue to spend time and invest
in my relate personal relationships then
everything is going to take care of
itself so I don't have like a really big
fat hairy goal of like okay you want 10
million in the next two years we'll see
we'll see what happens in terms of the
actual result but if I focus on the
input what I can do in my day day to day
then I know for a fact that the results
are going to take care of themselves so
yeah hopefully this helped you in in
getting a bit of the mental framework
that I use to set my own goals and
understand that I used to be really
outrageous like I said with my goals
like random goals and and sometimes even
too big of a goals that could protect
that could even be a source of stress
for for myself so now I just yeah don't
focus on the goals as much anymore but I
focus on what I need to be doing every
single day to continue to live the life
or upgrade my life to the point where I
want it to be but it's always good to
sometimes take a step back and and
reflect on where am I now is it actually
yeah pretty good life yes it's a good
life so yeah I'm not as hard as as hard
on myself as I was a couple years ago
so yeah just know for me it's been a
really long journey to get here with PPC
Mastery I did a lot of things I had a
lot of failed side hustles a lot of
learnings and yeah it's as long as you
continue and as long as you keep going
the results are going to come whatever
those results are for you and you can
set you can do anything to just set your
mind to as long as you have a solid plan
and are willing to take action every
single day until until you give yourself
enough time to eat yeah to just even be
able to see the results because most
people they quit too too soon so that's
it thanks for the question Baron and to
everybody else listening thank you for
listening if you're watching on YouTube
thank you please share this episode with
someone that might find this valuable if
you found it valuable and if you have a
question for me please drop it at
ppcmastery.com podcast and I might just
answer it in one of the next episodes so
thanks again and I'll see you in the
next one peace
thank you